cluster-tag-filter (#1059)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/08-user-management/1.5-new-user.md

---
title: "Create a New User"
metaTitle: "Create a New User in Palette "
metaDescription: "Create a new user in Palette "
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Overview

The section guides you on how to create a user in Palette.

<br />

# Prerequisites 

- A [Palette account](https://console.spectrocloud.com).
- Tenant Admin access.

< br />

# Create a New User

To create a new user in Palette:

1. Log in to Palette as a Tenant Admin.

2. Select **Users and Teams** from the left **Main Menu** and click on **+Create User** button.

3. Provide the following information to the  **Create User** wizard:
   * First Name
   * Last Name
   * Email
   * Team(s) 

4. Click on the **Confirm** button to complete the wizard.
  

## Validation

> * A display message will pop up confirming the user creation. You can validate the user creation from the **Users & Teams** page in the Tenant Admin console.

Reviewer: Same here,  pretend the user asked "how do I get to the User and Team's page".

# Create Custom Role

Use the following steps to create a custom resource role:

1.  Log in to Palette as Tenant Admin and select **Roles** from the left **Main Menu**.

2. Go to the **Resource Roles** tab from the top menu and click on the **+Create Resource Role** button to open the **Add New Role (Resource)** wizard. Fill out the following inputs:
  * Name of the role.
  * Assign permissions and operations.

3. Once the required permissions are selected, click the **Save** button.

4. To **Edit and Delete** the role from the role listing page, click the role to be deleted or edited to go to the role details page.

5. Click on **Delete Role or Edit Role** button to delete or edit the role respectively.

## Validation

> * A display message will pop up confirming the user creation. You can validate the user creation from the **Users & Teams** page in the Tenant Admin console. 

Reviewer: Same feedback as above.

* The validation can also be done from the **Tenant console**. Go to **Tenant Settings** from the left main menu.

> * Click the **Roles** tab from the left menu and click on the **Resource Roles** tab to find the new role name listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the **Roles** tab from the left **Main Menu** and click on the **Resource Roles** tab to find the new role name listed.
```

---
title: "Create a New User"
metaTitle: "Create a New User in Palette "
metaDescription: "Create a new user in Palette "
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Overview

The section guides you on how to create a user in Palette.

<br />

# Prerequisites 

- A [Palette account](https://console.spectrocloud.com).
- Tenant Admin access.

< br />

# Create a New User

To create a new user in Palette:

* Log in to Palette as a Tenant Admin.

* Select **Users and Teams** from the left **Main Menu** and click on **+Create User** button.

* Give the following information to the  **create user** wizard:
   * First Name
   * Last Name
   * Email
   * Team(s) 

* Click the **Confirm** button to complete the wizard.
  

## Validation

* The UI pop-up message will confirm the user's creation. Validate the user creation from the **Users & Teams** page in the Tenant Admin console.

# Create Custom Role

> To create your custom resource roles in Palette:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to create a custom resource role:
```

1.  Log in to Palette as Tenant Admin and select **Roles** from the left **Main Menu**.

2. Go to the **Resource Roles** tab from the top menu and click on the **+Create Resource Role** button to open the **Add New Role (Resource)** wizard. Fill out the following inputs:
  * Name of the role.
  * Assign permissions and operations.

3. Once the required permissions are selected, click the **Save** button.

A UI pop-up message will confirm the successful creation of the new custom resource role.

## Validation

> * To validate the role creation go to the **Roles** tab from the left main menu and click on **Resource Roles** tab to find the new role name listed.

Reviewer: Guide the user, use the numbered steps approach.

> ## Edit and Delete Role

Reviewer: This is a how-to as well, so it needs the remaining sections.

* A display message will pop up confirming the user creation. 

* The validation can also be done from the Tenant console. Go to **Tenant Settings** from the **Left Main Menu**.

* Click the **Users & Teams** tab from the **Left Menu**. This page will list all the users under the Tenant scope.

# Create Custom Role

Use the following steps to create a custom resource role:

1.  Log in to Palette as Tenant Admin and select **Roles** from the left **Main Menu**.

2. Go to the **Resource Roles** tab from the top menu and click on the **+Create Resource Role** button to open the **Add New Role (Resource)** wizard. Fill out the following inputs:
  * Name of the role.
  * Assign permissions and operations.

3. Once the required permissions are selected, click the **Save** button.

4. To **Edit and Delete** the role from the role listing page, click the role to be deleted or edited to go to the role details page.

5. Click on **Delete Role or Edit Role** button to delete or edit the role respectively.

## Validation

* A display message will pop up confirming the user creation. You can validate the user creation from the **Users & Teams** page in the Tenant Admin console. 

> * The validation can also be done from the **Tenant console**. Go to **Tenant Settings** from the left main menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The validation can also be done from the **Tenant console**. Go to **Tenant Settings** from the left **Main Menu**.
```
